JULES_HANDOFF.md, before:

# 🎨 Design Implementation Handoff for Jules

## Objective
Implement the professional WeFix4U landing page design from Stitch to match the provided design **exactly**.

## Source Files
The Stitch design has been extracted to:
- **HTML Reference**: [stitch_design/code.html](file:///home/juan/development/wefix4u/stitch_design/code.html)
- **Design Preview**: [stitch_design/screen.png](file:///home/juan/development/wefix4u/stitch_design/screen.png)

## Design Specifications

### Technology Stack (from Stitch design)
- **CSS Framework**: TailwindCSS (loaded via CDN in the reference)
- **Typography**: Inter font family from Google Fonts
- **Icons**: Material Icons Outlined
- **Features**: Dark mode support, responsive design

### Color Palette
```css
Primary: #3B82F6 (Blue)
Accent: #F97316 (Orange)
Background Light: #FFFFFF
Background Off-White: #F9FAFB
Background Dark: #111827
Container Light: #FFFFFF
Container Dark: #1F2937
Text Light Primary: #1F2937
Text Dark Primary: #F9FAFB
Text Light Secondary: #6B7280
Text Dark Secondary: #9CA3AF
```

### Key Sections to Implement
1. **Header** - Sticky navigation with logo, menu items, and CTA button
2. **Hero Section** - Large headline, description, dual CTAs, trust badges
3. **Services Grid** - 4 cards: iPhone, Samsung, Computer, Game Console repairs
4. **Why Choose Us** - 4 feature cards
5. **Customer Reviews** - Testimonial cards with Google branding
6. **Footer** - Company info, links, social media, CTA section

## Implementation Notes
- The design uses a modern, premium aesthetic with smooth transitions
- Dark mode toggle should be fully functional
- All interactive elements have hover states
- Mobile-responsive grid layouts throughout
- Uses glassmorphism effects in certain areas

## Your Task
Review the HTML file in `stitch_design/code.html` and implement this design to look **exactly like** the Stitch design. Maintain all styling, spacing, colors, and interactive elements.

Good luck! 🚀

Commit message:

Update handoff doc: adapt existing Next.js app, don't rebuild

JULES_HANDOFF.md, after:

# 🎨 Design Implementation Handoff for Jules

## Objective
Adapt the existing WeFix4U Next.js application to match the Stitch design reference **exactly**.

## ⚠️ Important Constraints
- **DO NOT rebuild from scratch** - Modify the existing Next.js codebase
- **KEEP Next.js** - This must remain a Next.js application (latest version)
- **Adapt, don't replace** - Review existing components and update them to match the Stitch design
- **Match the design** - The final result should look identical to the Stitch reference

## Source Files
The Stitch design has been extracted to:
- **HTML Reference**: [stitch_design/code.html](file:///home/juan/development/wefix4u/stitch_design/code.html)
- **Design Preview**: [stitch_design/screen.png](file:///home/juan/development/wefix4u/stitch_design/screen.png)

## Design Specifications

### Technology Stack (from Stitch design)
- **CSS Framework**: TailwindCSS (loaded via CDN in the reference)
- **Typography**: Inter font family from Google Fonts
- **Icons**: Material Icons Outlined
- **Features**: Dark mode support, responsive design

### Color Palette
```css
Primary: #3B82F6 (Blue)
Accent: #F97316 (Orange)
Background Light: #FFFFFF
Background Off-White: #F9FAFB
Background Dark: #111827
Container Light: #FFFFFF
Container Dark: #1F2937
Text Light Primary: #1F2937
Text Dark Primary: #F9FAFB
Text Light Secondary: #6B7280
Text Dark Secondary: #9CA3AF
```

### Key Sections to Implement
1. **Header** - Sticky navigation with logo, menu items, and CTA button
2. **Hero Section** - Large headline, description, dual CTAs, trust badges
3. **Services Grid** - 4 cards: iPhone, Samsung, Computer, Game Console repairs
4. **Why Choose Us** - 4 feature cards
5. **Customer Reviews** - Testimonial cards with Google branding
6. **Footer** - Company info, links, social media, CTA section

## Implementation Notes
- The design uses a modern, premium aesthetic with smooth transitions
- Dark mode toggle should be fully functional
- All interactive elements have hover states
- Mobile-responsive grid layouts throughout
- Uses glassmorphism effects in certain areas

## Your Task
1. **Explore the existing codebase** - Understand the current Next.js structure and components
2. **Review the reference design** - Study `stitch_design/code.html` to understand the target look and feel
3. **Adapt incrementally** - Update existing Next.js components, pages, and styles to match the Stitch design
4. **Maintain Next.js best practices** - Use Next.js App Router, React components, and modern patterns
5. **Preserve functionality** - Keep any existing features while updating the visual design

The goal is to make the existing Next.js app look **exactly like** the Stitch design while keeping it as a modern Next.js application. Don't rebuild - refine! 🎨

Good luck! 🚀
